add `AsyncKernelClient` to `doc/api/client.rst` (#819)
jupyter/jupyter_client: docs/api/client.rst

   .. automethod:: wait_for_ready

   .. automethod:: is_alive

.. autoclass:: AsyncKernelClient

>    The available class methods are identical with :class:`BlockingKernelClient` but async.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :class:`AsyncKernelClient` is identical to :class:`BlockingKernelClient` but the methods described above are async.
```
